Friends here we are discussing about Bhutto three Mehta concept.
C, we have different types of concepts in Bordeaux three.
And here we are working with moto three meta object.
C. This Bhutto three meta object is useful
to enter into client object from your resource upset.
Why we need to enter into client object from our resource object.
See already we know that we have each and
every required operation in client object for your particular integral service.
But that guarantee is not there in resource object.
Just assumed that you started your code with resource object.
And in your resource object,
you are unable to find your required operation.
Then you need to start again with the client object.
From your resource object itself,
you can enter into your client object using this metal object.
Let me explain this example with
a simple skeptic or list available regions for ec2 service.
First, let me open my sublime text editor.
So I have already taken a skip name called list all regions for EC2 dot p y.
Let me input Bhutto three,
and let me create my AWS management console using custom session.
So moto three dot Session.get session.
So I am taking here profile name as root.
And let me create my AWS EC2 Console so easily to console,
I'm going to create using the resource equals
to simply your AWS management console dot resource.
Then just take your service name as in-situ.
That's it.
Now, my requirement is I need to list all the regions for your EC2.
Then let me walk anywhere documentation.
So here available services,
easy to and let me open a resource.
And for your resource,
whatever the object we created.
What happened?
Yeah.
See 41, resource object.
Easy to read.
We have three set of operations.
And if you want to get some collections, existing information,
you have to go with collections third set operations,
but if you observe here there is no option regarding regions.
That's why you cannot get your requirement using your resource object.
Then what is the alternate way?
Is there any possibility with the client?
First see that, open your client object and look into that.
Is there any option related with the regions?
See that somewhere you Hall.
Describe regions open that.
So using this describe regions,
you can get all your available regions for EC2 instance.
But now what we are saying is using the source,
it is not possible,
but Client is possible,
but already we created resource object.
Then how we can enter into client object using resource, very simple.
See that what I'm doing is bringing EC2 Console.
Let me do some Da Er operation on this.
So you will get an operation called metta somewhere just under that.
Mehta.
Using this meta observed,
you can enter into you are client object, very simple.
Dot tau.
Then what is the next step you want to perform?
Again, see the list of operations on this. See the output.
You how an operation called client,
that means from resource you are creating client object.
Now see the available operations.
So somewhere you how your required operation called described regions.
Now, don't worry about arguments.
Now see that what I'm doing is dot u or operation called describe regions.
So basically we created resource object.
And in this resource object we are unable to find
a required operation that is related to regions.
That's why we are entering into client with the help of metta.
Let's say no, let me run it and see the output.
You are getting your output regions.
So regions as the dictionary, let me take,
I mean output is a dictionary in the regions is the key.
Now see the output.
And this entire thing is a list.
Let me take for loop.
For each item in.
Let me print me what each item first observed the output.
See that you are getting endpoint and then region name.
What I need from each output.
From each item I need only region name.
You just take your key,
you can take with square brackets.
So then you were key or dot, get your key.
Both ways are fine.
That's a, So these are the regions for our ec2 service.
So here my concept is how we can enter into client object using resource.
Nothing is there simply,
you are resources dot-dot-dot client,
then whatever the operations are,
they're unable to play and just use them in case if you are
not able to find that operation and knew what resource, that's it.
Ok. Thank you.